#summary Spirit of the license and the license itself

= Introduction =

Fish'n Spots and its core libraries are released under the a BSD style license.

The general idea is that you may use this software and or source code for whatever you wish, as long as you leave the copyright notices as they are in existing files, and add the appropriate copyright notice when copying existing blocks of code or files to new or existing files which are not currently covered by this license.

Your project does not need to be BSD licensed, or even open source for that matter.  You may give away your software or sell it for any price, or even pay people to use your software, its entirely up to you.

The only thing the project requires is that you give credit where credit is due.

= Contributions =

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in this project by you to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of the project license, without any additional terms or conditions.  Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed with Licensor regarding such contributions.

= Details =

The official license is as follows:

Copyright (c) 2010, David Wimsey<br/>
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

  #Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
  #Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
  #Neither the name of the SchiZo Infotainment Networks nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.